All right guys we're going to go ahead and start on the four corners each team template before we get
into making it into a WordPress theme.
Now we're going to be using a few different libraries for the template reusing foundation as our main
CSSA framework.
We're also going to use Fonte awesome so that we can have access to some nice clean icons and then we're
also using something called hover Dotsie SS which is is a small CSSA library that will allow us to create
hover effects and you can see all the different examples down here.
OK.
So let's go ahead and create a new folder for our template.
OK we're just going to call this
four corners underscore each team out.
All right.
We're going to create a few things here.
Let's create a CSSA folder.
Let's create a javascript folder folder for images.
OK.
And then we're going to go ahead and grab Foundation.
We're going to download it
.
All right.
And we're going to bring over some files so in our CSSA folder we're going to bring Dotsie SS and foundation
Dotsie SS and then the J.S. folder.
We're going to bring over app Jay as in the vendor folder.
All right.
And then for index each team out what we can do is bring that over as well whoops will bring that over
but we're going to change quite a bit.
All right.
Now for fun.
Awesome.
We're going to grab that as well.
OK we're going to bring over the Fonts folder and then the CSSA file.
And if you want to use the mini fied version that's fine as well.
OK finally we need to grab hover Dotsie SS click download on get hub.
Let's go ahead and just download the zip K and then we're just going to grab just the hover dot CSSA
file and bring it over to our CSSA folder.
All right.
So that should be it for third party libraries.
Now if we open up index each time in the browser it looks like this.
All right so let's go ahead and open with sublime text and we'll change some stuff here the title will
just say four corners theme for template.
So we have our foundation CSSA and our APS-C SS being loaded.
We're also going to want some other stuff here.
OK we're going to want the fun.
Awesome.
We're also going to want hover darts.
Yes yes.
All right.
APS-C this is what we're going to use for our custom styles that we create.
Now I'm going to go ahead and just get rid of everything in the body.
OK.
You know it's not needed except for the scripts at the bottom I'm going to keep those.
All right.
So if you save this and we look at it we just have a blank page.
All right so clean slate.
So we're going to start with the top bar.
So let's create a div and give it a class of top bar.
All right.
And then in there we're going to have a div with the class of rho.
OK we'll be using the grid system and let's do a three column div.
If we take a look at the finished template
we have the social icons this is going to be a three column.
This will be three.
There are actually the will be three columns will have four three column divs.
So we'll say div class large three columns
.
And in this a little bit.
And let's copy this three column div three more times.
And the first one I'm going to also give the class of social and let's get those icons in there.
So we're going to have a link around them.
So this one will have a class of F.A. are fun.
Awesome.
A dash Facebook will give us the Facebook icon.
All right let's copy this
a change this one here to Twitter this one will be linked in this one will be Google Plus.
And this one will be YouTube right now in this column.
Here we're going to have the phone so I'm going to put a spin tag in here we're going to have our icon
.
So it's going to be an eye tag you're We're going to give it a class of a f a dash phone
and will say phone 1 800
OK in the next one's going to be free in e-mail address.
So it's a place that in and change this to envelope for the icon and then changes to e-mail.
And then we'll change this phone number to something at something dotcom.
All right.
And then the last one is going to be the search box.
So let's put a form here and in the form will have an input with the type of text and we're going to
give it a name of ass or search given a placeholder
and just say search.
All right and then right next to it we're going to have a button a button type is going to be submit
and which is going to wrap that around in the icon.
OK so the icon will be face search.
All right.
So that should be the top bar on.
Take a look at it it's not going to look awesome yet.
All right it does have the gray background just because we gave it the class of top bar which is a pre-defined
Foundation Class.
All right so let's see.
So that ends there.
Now we're going to create our Hetter.
So when you use age 2 or five terror tags and so let's see what are we going to do here.
We're going to have two columns one for and 1 8.
So say div class equals large four columns.
Right.
And then we want in a column right next to it.
OK the four columns for the logo the eight columns for the menu.
So here we're just going to have an H.
Three people say four corners and it's actually it's put a link around that
we want that to go to the home page.
Right.
And then for the menu we're going to have you well with the class of menu
in let's do allies
links.
So go to index our age himself
.
All right.
And then we're just going to copy this.
So we'll have home and then we'll have about
then we'll have a gallery
and we'll have a blog.
All right.
So let's save it for you load as our header does.
Again doesn't look very good but we'll fix that later.
So after the header we're going to have our main home page post area.
All right so we're going to wrap these in Article tags.
All right.
And then let's do actually let's give it a class of post.
And then we're going to have a div and this is going to have a class of post dash DGSE for a post description
.
And inside there will have a span and that will have a date
K under the spin will have an age three with the title.
After that we'll have a paragraph I'm just going to play some dummy text in K
and then under that paragraph we are going to have an aged three tag and then have a link inside that
and we're going to give this a class of read button or read DTN and also read more between.
And we're going to be using a hover Dotsie SS So we want to include a class to add an animation.
So each V.R. dash bounce dash out.
And if you look at the documentation for hoverboard see SS you'll see all that stuff all the different
classes you can use.
All right.
Now let's see after the description.
We're going to have a div with the class of post.
I am g.
And then and here we'll have our image.
Now you should have a folder called underscore images in your project files you want to bring that over
to your your template image folder.
So I'm just going to paste in these if we take a look.
Pick one two and three are going to be for the home page.
Post one two and three will be for the blog page.
All right so let's go ahead and put in source equals i g.
Slash
was a pick.
Pick one.
JPA.
All right so if we go and reload.
That's what it looks like for now.
Now we want to copy this article and post it two more times.
OK.
We're going to change the name of the image that one will be too.
This one will pick three and we can change the title a little bit.
All right.
Now remember every other one.
We want the image to switch sides so all we have to do is the middle article we're going to go to where
I post description is we're going to put in here a class called float.
Right.
All right.
And that's all we have to do to make it switch to the other side.
Obviously right now it's not going to but once we do styling.
All right.
So it should look like this.
So far.
So let's move along with the index page so down below the last article we're going to we're going to
put a clear fix class here because we want to clear the floats.
And this is a class that foundation provides.
And we want to end the div there too.
All right.
And then we can move on to the footer.
So as a former Lidsky of the class of main for
right in then and here we're going to have a row
and we're going to have four or three column Debs.
So day of class.
Say large three columns
.
And we're going to do an H 3 here and I'm just going to copy that.
And then we need three more.
Ok this first one is going to be about us.
And this is to just going to be a paragraph and some social icons are going to just paste that in.
OK this one here is going to be categories.
And I just have an honor an ordered list to paste in.
OK same thing here we have
one.
This can be recent posts
and I'm just going to paste another list in
and then this last one is going to be our location and that's going to be a Google map.
I-frame I'm going to just paste that in.
Well OK.
So that looks good.
Let's go ahead and save it and reload.
And now we have our footer down at the bottom.
OK none of this looks very good because we haven't done any custom styling.
So what I'd like to do is in the next part we will add the inner pages because we're going to create
the About page gallery page blog page and then a single blog post page and then we'll move onto the
CSSA